---
date: '2025-07-07T14:03:26+09:00'
draft: false
title: 'International AIWolf Contest 2025 and AIWolfDial 2025 Workshop at INLG 2025'
---

## Abstract

​The AIWolfDial 2025 Workshop, officially titled "The 3rd Workshop of AI Werewolf and Dialog System (AIWolfDial2025) at INLG 2025," is planned to be scheduled to take place in Hanoi, Vietnam as part of the INLG 2025 conference on October 29 - November 2, 2025. ​
The international AIWolf contest 2025 will be held online before the workshop.

### Workshop Overview

The workshop focused on the integration of dialog systems, natural language processing (NLP), large language models (LLMs), and game AI, particularly within the context of the Werewolf game. This social deduction game requires players to engage in debate, inference, persuasion, and deception, making it an ideal testbed for advancing AI capabilities in coherent dialogue, long-context understanding, common ground establishment, and logical reasoning.

### Shared Task

As part of the workshop, we hosted an international open contest for AI agents playing the Werewolf game. Participants were challenged to develop autonomous players capable of engaging in not only strategic gameplay, but also logical, persuasive, and deceptive conversations with other AI. The contest served as a benchmark for exploring the limits of current LLMs and identifying key challenges and future directions in NLP.
In our international contest, communications of the agents should be in English language.

### Key Dates (Shared Task)

- **Registration Deadline** \
  August 20, 2025 (JST)

- **Preliminary Round (Self-match Log Submission)** \
  August 20, 2025 (JST)

- **Formal Round (Multi-agent Online Matches)** \
  Late August 2025 (JST)

- **Workshop Date** \
  October 30, 2025 (afternoon, in Hanoi)

- **INLG 2025 Conference Period** \
  October 29 - November 2, 2025 (in Hanoi)

### How to Register

Please fill out the registration form with the following information:

- Team name
- Representative’s name and email address
- Team members and affiliations
- Consent for name and affiliation disclosure
